docs(ai-agents): rename MCP server to Airbyte Agent MCP (#77679)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/ai-agents/concepts/architecture/connectors-and-credentials.md

### Add once, use everywhere

> Credentials you add through one interface are available to all of them. A connector configured in the web app works through the API, SDK, or Airbyte Agent MCP without re-entering credentials. This applies to every interface in the platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Credentials you add through one interface are available to all of them. A connector configured in the web app works through the API, SDK, or MCP server without re-entering credentials. This applies to every interface in the platform.
```
